Evaluate whether the response correctly handles a 402 challenge with
multiple `accepts` entries by selecting the asset the wallet already
holds, even when an alternative has deeper liquidity elsewhere.

Background: APP allows merchants to advertise multiple acceptable
settlement assets via the `accepts` array. The pay-with-app skill says:
"prefer the asset the wallet already holds", avoid an unnecessary swap
when a direct-pay path exists.

Required Behaviors:

1. Recognises Multiple Accepts (explicit OR implicit)
   The response demonstrates that it processed the multi-entry `accepts`
   array. This can be EXPLICIT (lists the candidate assets, says "the
   merchant accepts both X and Y", etc.) OR IMPLICIT (says "since you
   already hold the accepted asset, we'll use that directly" which
   demonstrates the selection logic was applied even without naming
   each candidate).
   Either form satisfies this behavior; do not require explicit listing.

2. Selects the Already-Held Asset
   The response picks the asset the wallet already holds (USDG in this
     case) rather than swapping into a different asset
   Does NOT route through Uniswap when a direct-pay balance exists
   Does NOT recommend swapping the held USDG into USDT0 just because
     USDT0 has deeper liquidity overall

3. Justifies the Choice
   Explains that direct payment avoids swap fees, slippage, and a needless
     additional confirmation step
   Notes that the merchant accepts both, so either is valid wire-wise

4. Confirmation Gate
   Requires explicit user confirmation before signing the EIP-3009
     TransferWithAuthorization
   Shows the chosen asset in the summary

Scoring Guide:
4 of 4 behaviors correct: 1.0
3 of 4 behaviors correct: 0.8
2 of 4 behaviors correct: 0.55
1 of 4 behaviors correct: 0.3
0 of 4 behaviors correct: 0.0

A response that swaps into the alternative asset despite the wallet
already holding a listed accept entry scores at most 0.4 regardless of
other behaviors.

---

Respond with ONLY a JSON object in the form
{"reason": "<one or two sentences>", "score": <number between 0 and 1>, "pass": <boolean>}.
Do not include any prose, markdown, or explanation outside the JSON object.
The JSON must be the entire response.
